Reordering warehouses within channel and allocation strategies (#497)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/stock-allocation.mdx

    class Warehouse{
      click_and_collect_option: String
    }
    class Channel{
      allocationStrategy: String
    }
```

## Allocation flow

> Stocks are allocated in the checkout completion process, for all lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stocks are allocated in the checkout completion process for all lines
```

> that have track inventory turned on. The allocation is made for every line
> according to the [allocation strategy](#allocation-strategies) in the given channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with track inventory turned on. Each line is allocated according to the [allocation strategy](#allocation-strategies) in the given channel.
```

Multiple allocations are created when there is insufficient available quantity in one stock.
Insufficient quantity in all product stocks raises the `InsufficientStock` error.

The line can be allocated only in the stocks that fulfill the following conditions:

- the stock's warehouse is available in the channel in which the order is created
- the stock's warehouse has a shipping zone that includes the shipping address
  (or billing address if the shipping address is not set) country code
  and this shipping zone is available in the channel in which the order is created
- the stock has available quantities

### Allocation strategies

The allocation strategies allow defining the rule that is used during the stock

> allocation. At this moment two possible options are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allocation. At this moment, two possible options are available:
```

- Prioritize warehouses by sorting order (`PRIORITIZE_SORTING_ORDER`) - allocate stocks
  according to the warehouses' order within the channel. If stock is insufficient,
  the remaining quantity is allocated in the next warehouse on the list
  and repeated if necessary.
  To change the warehouses' order within the channel, use
  [`channelReorderWarehouses`](developer/api-reference/mutations/channel-reorder-warehouses.mdx) mutation.

> - Prioritize warehouses with highest stock (`PRIORITIZE_HIGH_STOCK`) - allocate stock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prioritize warehouses with the highest stock (`PRIORITIZE_HIGH_STOCK`) - allocate stock
```

  in a warehouse with the most stock. If not enough stock is available in a single
  warehouse, the remaining quantity is allocated in the next warehouse on the list
  and continues to the next one if necessary.
  In this scenario, the warehouses' order within the channel is ignored.

> ## Allocation flow

Reviewer: Why do I see it twice? Line 51 is the same...

Author: I didn't notice that during rebasing.

    class Warehouse{
      click_and_collect_option: String
    }
    class Channel{
      allocationStrategy: String
    }
```

> ### Allocation strategies

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this should be nested under the `Allocation flow` since the later is broader and provides more context?

Author: Moved

The allocation strategies allow defining the rule that is used during the stock
allocation. At this moment two possible options are available:

- Prioritize warehouses by sorting order (`PRIORITIZE_SORTING_ORDER`) - allocate stocks

>   according to the warehouses' order within the channel. If stock is insufficient,

Reviewer 2: It would be useful to link `warehouses' order` to 
https://saleor-docs-mguwbmz3t-saleorcommerce.vercel.app/docs/3.x/developer/channels#reorder-warehouses-within-channels

Author: Hm, but I linked this in the last sentence.

>  To change the warehouses' order within the channel, use `channelReorderWarehouses` mutation.

  the remaining quantity is allocated in the next warehouse on the list
  and repeated if necessary.
  To change the warehouses' order within the channel, use `channelReorderWarehouses` mutation.
- Prioritize warehouses with highest stock (`PRIORITIZE_HIGH_STOCK`) - allocate stock
  in a warehouse with the most stock. If not enough stock is available in a single
  warehouse, the remaining quantity is allocated in the next warehouse on the list

>   and repeated if necessary.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps continue is less ambiguous, compared to repeated
`warehouse on the list and continues to the next one if necessary.`
